Created c8y_SupportedOperations fragments table (#164)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/reference/device-management-library-bundle/overview.md

![Device details](/images/reference-guide/device-details.png)

This list can be manipulated through the device fragments, i.e. which tabs are shown depends on the capability the device supports. This is mainly operated by one fragment called ```c8y_SupportedOperations```. Based on what is put in the array of this fragment, functionality such as tabs, buttons, etc. are enabled. For example if the ```c8y_SupportedOperations``` fragment contains ```c8y_Firmware```, the firmware tab will be visible in the **Device details** page and the device can manage firmware objects.

> #### ```c8y_SupportedOperations``` fragments

Reviewer: ```c8y_SupportedOperations``` > c8y_SupportedOperations
code formatting looks weird in the heading

Author: Fixed

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="25%">
<col width="75%">
</colgroup>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Fragment</th>
<th>Definition</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>

> <td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#device-info"><code>c8y_Availability</code></a></td>

Reviewer: I would actually not format the links as code as you do not realize them as links then. Anyway, code formatting is not necessarily required in a table (as opposed to inline text).

Reviewer: Please change throughout the whole column.

Author: Fixed

> <td>Holds information about the device’s status and its availability</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Holds information about the device's status and its availability</td>
```

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#reference">c8y_Command</a></td>
<td>Allows the user to carry out interactive sessions with a device</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#configuration">c8y_Configuration</a></td>
<td>Contains the complete configuration state of the device including all control characters</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#legacy-file-based-configuration">c8y_ConfigurationDump</a></td>
<td>Permits managing binary configuration files of the device</td>

> </tr>

Reviewer 3: c8y_DeviceProfile is missed here.

Reviewer: Added

> <td>An operation that permits managing binary configuration files of the device</td>

Reviewer: An operation that permits > Permits
To be consistent with the structure of the other entries

Author: Fixed

<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#install-legacy-configuration"><code>c8y_DownloadConfigFile</code></a></td>

> <td>An operation that permits the download of configuration files as binaries</td>

Reviewer: An operation that permits > Permits
To be consistent with the structure of the other entries

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#firmware"><code>c8y_Firmware</code></a></td>

> <td>Contains information on a device’s firmware</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<td>Contains information on a device's firmware</td>
```

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#hardware-information">c8y_Hardware</a></td>
<td>Contains basic hardware information for a device, such as make and serial number</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#device-marker">c8y_IsDevice</a></td>

Reviewer 3: c8y_IsDevice is not a fragment used in the supportedOperations fragment. It is a standalone one that is added in the managed object, when it is of type device like this: "c8y_IsDevice": {}.

Reviewer: Removed

> <td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#device-marker"><code>c8y_IsDevice</code></a></td>

Reviewer: A fragment which identifies > Identifies

Author: Fixed

<td>A fragment which identifies an object or an event</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#logs"><code>c8y_LogfileRequest</code></a></td>

> <td>Request a device to send a log file and view the log file in the log viewer</td>

Reviewer 2: This sentence is not an ellipsis like the others so far, but an imperative.
i'd say "Requests" would work instead of "Request" (?)

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#connectivity">c8y_Mobile</a></td>
<td>Holds basic connectivity-related information, such as the equipment identifier of the modem (IMEI) in the device or the SIM card (e.g. ICCID)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#network">c8y_Network</a></td>
<td>Sends data to the <strong>Network</strong> tab in the Device Management application and displays the network information</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#tracking">c8y_Position</a></td>
<td>Reports the geographical location of an asset in terms of latitude, longitude and altitude</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#device-profile">c8y_Profile</a></td>
<td>Announces the target profile</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#device-availability">c8y_RequiredAvailability</a></td>

Reviewer 3: Same with requiredAvailability, used as a standalone fragment: 
"c8y_RequiredAvailability": {
    "responseInterval": 60
  }

Reviewer: Removed

> <td>Monitor devices for availability</td>

Reviewer 2: same here, suggestion would be "Monitors" instead of "Monitor"

Author: Fixed

> <td>Monitor devices for availability</td>

Reviewer: Monitor > Monitors

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#device-restart"><code>c8y_Restart</code></a></td>

> <td>Restart a device</td>

Reviewer 2: see above

Author: Fixed

> <td>Restart a device</td>

Reviewer: Restart > Restarts

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#upload-current-text-configuration">c8y_SendConfiguration</a></td>
<td>Allows reloading a configuration through the user interface</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#installed-software">c8y_SoftwareList</a></td>
<td>Contains the entire list of software that is installed on the device</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#software-update">c8y_SoftwareUpdate</a></td>
<td>Contains a list of software to be installed or uninstalled</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#typed-file-based-configuration">c8y_SupportedConfiguration</a></td>

Reviewer 3: Same with supporedConfiguration and supportedLogs. Ther are not used in the supportedOperations array but as standalone fragments, holding some information.

Reviewer: Removed

<td>Activates typed file configuration</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#setting-supported-logs"><code>c8y_SupportedLogs</code></a></td>

> <td>Holds an array for types a log that a device supports</td>

Reviewer 2: I'm not quite sure what this sentence means

Author: Fixed

</tr>
<tr>
<td><a href="../../reference/device-management-library/#upload-current-legacy-configuration"><code>c8y_UploadConfigFile</code></a></td>

> <td>An operation that permits the upload of configuration files as binaries</td>

Reviewer: An operation that permits > Permits
To be consistent with the structure of the other entries

Author: Fixed
